# high-speedy-space-shuttle-for-galaxy-journey-1
During the creation of the universe in 1035sec, particles and anti particles were collided with each other. As a result, photon was generated and temperature was increased into 1028 degree Kelvin (according to GUT ) . According to this concept, a space shuttle can be made that can achieve one-third speed of light. By this shuttle, we can visit the galaxy, research about the existence of alien. We can explore planet like earth which is habitable for us. Except this, according to the theory of relativity, if the space shuttle come back in the earth again it will travel into the future.
Working method: We can create the same temperature 1028 degree Kelvin that was happened during the creation of the universe by the collision of particles and anti particles. For this purpose, we can take help of acceleration machine like Large Hadron collider. According to this hypothesis, we perform these following steps: 
Step-1: First we have to produce particles and anti particles as particles we will use proton and electron. As anti particle, we will use anti proton and positron. 
The method of proton production: 
                                      neutron =proton + e- (Bita ray)
Method of positron production by radio-active reaction:
                                   Proton = neutron + positron(e+) 
Or, radio-active matter + Higgs Boson anti particle 
Which happened during the creation of universe.
Step-2: Then 2 vacuame spiral pipe which need  to be extreme heat resistant and heat insulator.(which was used in Large Hadron Collider ) One of the vacuame spiral pipe is used for particle and another is used for anti particle. In this case 2800 flocks of protons per second will move at a circular way in spiral vacuam pipe. There will be 10000 proton in every flock. This process and amount will be same for anti proton. Than particles and anti particles will move forword to magnetic dipoles.
Step-3: Then the particles and the anti particle will arrive in the north and south pole. Revolving particles and anti particles will gain energy and accelerated in the velocity of light. Then in the speed of light the particles and anti particles will move forward to collide with each other in opposite direction.
Step-4:   Then particles and anti particles will be collided into 600 million per second . We can calculate the amount of energy from  the collision of each particles and anti particles by using E=2mc2 equation. According to the calculation, if one particle and anti particle collide we can get energy   which is equal to collision of two trains of  400 TON which have 140 Kms-1 velocity. 
                            Particle + anti particle= energy
As a result the shuttle will get a huge amount of energy which is so close to the energy of that time when the universe is created. A portion of this energy will be used to recycle system. And the rest of the energy will be used will use for friction and other machinery work. After all these cost of energy the space shuttle will gain one third speed of light.

Protecting space shuttle from destruction: In this case, Higgs Boson particle will be used. It is responsible for particle and anti particle’s mass production.
Step-5: Nothing can survive by running at one third speed of light. Running at a speed of 108 ms-1 , anything has to be converted into particle form. If any space shuttle runs at 108ms-1, it will destruct by converting into particles. But in this case we can save the shuttle by reducing the particles with the help of Higgs Boson particle. For this, we have to cover up the whole shuttle with sensors. If the temperature of the shuttle is suitable for turning into the particle , the sensor will send signals.
Step-6: Signals from the sensor will reach at the central controlling room by the sender instrument.
Step-7: After that, the signals will reach at the Higgs Boson Particle producing instrument from the central controlling room. In this case, Higgs Boson particles produced by the collision of particle and anti particle will be collected with the help of particle detector.
Step-8: After that, Higgs Boson particle and Radio-active particles will make reaction and collision and produce positron and anti proton. Here what will happen in the collision place :
     Radio-active particle + Higgs Boson particle= Anti particle
By this, if Quantity or rate of the particles increases, we have to produce anti particle in order to reducing that by collision. As a result, particles will not increase. Then the ratio of particle and anti particle will remain 1:1 and the space shuttle will be safe.
Result: If this space shuttle gains the one-third speed of light, it will take only 51 hours to cross the solar system where the Voyager took 36 years. By gaining 108ms-1 like speed this space shuttle can travel the galaxy. Moreover, it may help us to discover another human habitable planets or Aliens. It is possible to make this space shuttle within the next 100 years. Because the essential parts of this shuttle are invented already, which are used to detect particles nowadays. Only the need is to coordinate them all. Though it moves at one third speed of the light, if it comes back again it can travel the future too.
